Congratulations.
This was a big lesson and you made it to the end.
Now let's review what you learned.
In the first section,
we talked about the history of
classic machine learning and deep learning and their differences.
Then we looked at Otsu's method,
a classic machine learning algorithm that can be used
to extract background and make classifications.
Then we talked about different deep learning architectures.
In the second section,
we covered how to split a data set into
a balanced training set that is used to train a model,
and an imbalanced validation set that's used to test model performance in the wild.
Next, we talked about what a gold standard is and different ways to
establish ground truth of the data as gold standards are often unavailable.
At the end of this section,
we introduced the silver standard derived from several radiologists.
In the fourth section,
we introduced different ways to preprocess images.
Then we talked about different image augmentation methods to expand our training set.
In the fifth section,
we discussed that CNN filters can detect simple features like lines and shapes.
Then we discussed how researchers find tuning
pre-trained deep learning models such as VGG 16 can do this for specific use cases.
Finally, in the last section,
we talked about how the model is trained and how we monitor
training and validation loss to decide when to stop training the model.
At the end, we talked about overfitting and
how to use different methods such as batch size,
learning rate, and dropout to prevent overfitting.
I hope you enjoyed this lesson.
We are one lesson away from completing the course. See you guys in a bit.